In this section we'll be cleaning up our theme even further.
I just want to adjust a couple of things and prepare everything for production that includes translations
bundling plugins etc. Of course we'll have to learn how to battle test our theme and plug it in which
is what we'll tackle in this section as well.
Let's begin.
If you take a look at the home page you'll find all the posts we've created this far.
However each post excerpt has these dots right after it.
Each of these are called an ellipsis.
And while they may seem great I personally don't like them inside the function's file.
We're going to add the filter hook called excerpt more
this hook will pass and the ellipses for filtering however we want to get rid of these dots.
There's a handy utility function that WordPress provides to return nothing.
Instead of defining our own function that will return nothing.
I'm going to pass in the function underscore underscore return underscore false.
This is a wordpress function that does exactly as it's named.
It will return false.
Open the WP dash includes slash function dot page for you file and search for this function
here's what WordPress sets.
Useful for returning false to filters easily.
If you scroll above there is even a function for returning true which is also useful if you ever need
it.
I encourage you to explore these functions if you ever need to use them in your own code.
Let's refresh the page and see if the dots are gone all right.
That's it for the excerpt in the next few lectures.
We'll continue with working on our theme.